[FIX] change remaining latin expressions (etc and i.e.) (#628)
bids-standard/bids-specification: src/04-modality-specific-files/04-intracranial-electroencephalography.md

| TriggerChannelCount             | RECOMMENDED           | [integer][]                          | Number of channels for digital (TTL bit level) triggers.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| RecordingDuration               | RECOMMENDED           | [number][]                           | Length of the recording in seconds (for example, 3600).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |

> | RecordingType                   | RECOMMENDED           | [string][]                           | Defines whether the recording is `"continuous"`, `"discontinuous"` or `"epoched"`, where `"epoched"` is limited to time windows about events of interest (for example, stimulus presentations, subject responses)                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| RecordingType                   | RECOMMENDED           | [string][]                           | Defines whether the recording is `"continuous"`, `"discontinuous"` or `"epoched"`, where `"epoched"` is limited to time windows about events of interest (for example, stimulus presentations or subject responses)                                                                                                                 |
```

| TriggerChannelCount             | RECOMMENDED           | [integer][]                          | Number of channels for digital (TTL bit level) triggers.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| RecordingDuration               | RECOMMENDED           | [number][]                           | Length of the recording in seconds (e.g., 3600).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |

> | RecordingType                   | RECOMMENDED           | [string][]                           | Defines whether the recording is `"continuous"`, `"discontinuous"` or `"epoched"`, where `"epoched"` is limited to time windows about events of interest (e.g., stimulus presentations, subject responses, and so forth.)                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: drop

> | RecordingType                   | RECOMMENDED           | [string][]                           | Defines whether the recording is `"continuous"`, `"discontinuous"` or `"epoched"`, where `"epoched"` is limited to time windows about events of interest (e.g., stimulus presentations, subject responses, and so forth.)                                                                                                                 |

Author: ```suggestion
| RecordingType                   | RECOMMENDED           | [string][]                           | Defines whether the recording is `"continuous"`, `"discontinuous"` or `"epoched"`, where `"epoched"` is limited to time windows about events of interest (e.g., stimulus presentations, subject responses.)                                                                                                                 |
```

| **Key name**                    | **Requirement level** | **Data type** | **Description**                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| ------------------------------- | --------------------- | ------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| ElectricalStimulation           | OPTIONAL              | [boolean][]   | Boolean field to specify if electrical stimulation was done during the recording (options are "true" or "false"). Parameters for event-like stimulation should be specified in the events.tsv file (see example below). |

> | ElectricalStimulationParameters | OPTIONAL              | [string][]    | Free form description of stimulation parameters, such as frequency, shape, and so on. Specific onsets can be specified in the events.tsv file. Specific shapes can be described here in freeform text.                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ElectricalStimulationParameters | OPTIONAL              | [string][]    | Free form description of stimulation parameters, such as frequency or shape. Specific onsets can be specified in the events.tsv file. Specific shapes can be described here in freeform text.                         |
```

| reference          | OPTIONAL              | Specification of the reference (e.g., 'mastoid', 'ElectrodeName01', 'intracranial', 'CAR', 'other', 'n/a'). If the channel is not an electrode channel (e.g., a microphone channel) use `n/a`.                                                                             |
| group              | OPTIONAL              | Which group of channels (grid/strip/seeg/depth) this channel belongs to. This is relevant because one group has one cable-bundle and noise can be shared. This can be a name or number. Note that any groups specified in `_electrodes.tsv` must match those present here. |
| sampling_frequency | OPTIONAL              | Sampling rate of the channel in Hz.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

> | description        | OPTIONAL              | Brief free-text description of the channel, or other information of interest (e.g., position (e.g., "left lateral temporal surface")).                                                                                                                                |

Author: is it me and my sleep deprivation, but aren't these nested parenthesis hard to parse for the average human being?

Reviewer 2: I agree with you, and I just had 8 hours of sound sleep :-) 

should be easy to avoid nested brackets in this case

Reviewer 3: I think that I had a similar thought at one point and tried switching to square brackets nested in the parentheses, but that doesn't play well with markdown (or maybe one of the other formatters that the specification uses).

> | description        | OPTIONAL              | Brief free-text description of the channel, or other information of interest (e.g., position (e.g., "left lateral temporal surface", and so on)).                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: Drop.

> | description        | OPTIONAL              | Brief free-text description of the channel, or other information of interest (e.g., position (e.g., "left lateral temporal surface", and so on)).                                                                                                                                |

Author: ```suggestion
| description        | OPTIONAL              | Brief free-text description of the channel, or other information of interest (e.g., position (e.g., "left lateral temporal surface")).                                                                                                                                |
```
